King,
In view of your low grade, abnormal personal behavoir I will not dignify your name with either a Mr. or a Reverand or a Dr. And, your last name calls to mind only the type of king such as King Henry  the VIII and his countless acts of adultery and immoral conduct lower than that of a beast.
King, look into your heart. You know you are a complete fraud and a great liability to all of us Negroes. White people in this country have had enough frauds of their own but I am sure they don't have one at this time that is any where near your equal. You are no clergyman and you know it. I repeat you are a colossal fraud and an evil, vicious one at that. You could not believe in God and act as you do. Clearly you don't believe in any personal moral principles
King, like all frauds your end is approaching. You could have been our greatest leader. You, even at an early age have turned out to be not a leader but a dissolute, abnormal moral imbecile. We will have to depend on our older leaders like Wilkins a man of character and thank God we have other leaders like him. But you are done. Your "honorary" degrees, your Nobel prize (what a grim force) and other awards won't save you. King, I repeat you are done.
No person can overcome facts, not even a fraud like yourself. Lend your sexually psychotic ear to the enclosure. You will find yourself and in all your dirt, filth, evil and moronic talk exposed on the record for all time. I repeat - no person can argue successfully against facts. You are finished. You will find on the record for all time your filthy, dirty, evil companions, male and females giving expression with you to your hidious abnormalities. And some of them pretend to be ministers of thr Gospel. Satan could not do more. What incredible evilness. It is all there on the record, your sexual orgies. Listen to yourself you filthy, abnormal animal. You are on the record. You have been on the record - all your adulterious acts, your sexual orgies extending far into the past. This one is but a tiny sample. You will understand this. Yes, from your various evil playmates on the east coast to ||||||||| and others on the west coast, and outside the country you are on the record. King you are done.
The American public, the church organizations that have been helping - Protestant, Catholic, and Jews will know you for what you are - an evil, abnormal beast. So will the others who have backed you. You are done.
King, there is only one thing left for you to do. You know what it is. You have just 34 days in which to do (this exact number has been selected for a specific reason, it has definite practical significant. You are done. There is but one way out for you. You better take it before your filthy,abnormal fraudulant self Is bared to to the nation.